vmalert/metrics chore: add vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds metric (#8468)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> - FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): add `vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time for alertmanager calls per notifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): expose `vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time taken to send alerts to the specified `-notifier.url`.
```

* SECURITY: upgrade Go builder from Go1.24.0 to Go1.24.1. See the list of issues addressed in [Go1.24.1](https://github.com/golang/go/issues?q=milestone%3AGo1.24.1+label%3ACherryPickApproved).
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/) and [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/): use original unmodified by [relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#relabeling) job name as `scrape_pool` value for [/api/v1/targets](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#prometheus-querying-api-usage) responses. This change fixes discrepancy with Prometheus as mentioned in [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/5343). Thanks to @evkuzin for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8457).
* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): add command-line flag `-search.maxTSDBStatusTopNSeries` to allow setting a limit for topN argument accepted by `/api/v1/status/tsdb` endpoint.

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): expose `vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time taken to send alerts to the specified `-notifier.url`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): expose `vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time taken to send alerts to the specified `-notifier.url`. Thanks to @eyazici90 for [the pull reuqest](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/8468).
```

* FEATURE: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): add command-line flag `-search.maxTSDBStatusTopNSeries` to allow setting a limit for topN argument accepted by `/api/v1/status/tsdb` endpoint.

* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation): fix panic on `rate` output. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8469).

> - FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert/): expose `vmalert_alerts_send_duration_seconds` metric to measure the time taken to send alerts to the specified `-notifier.url`.

Reviewer 2: * please use `*` for list options, to be consistent with other options
* please move this change to the first section of changes with the rest of FEATURE options. Keep a new line between FEATURE and BUGFIX lists.

Author: Good point. Fixed ;)
